TBS Reg inline hook and progressive profile support (#3294)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/main/index.md

The following is a high-level workflow for an SSR Inline Hook:

1. An end user attempts to self-register with your Okta org.
1. A Registration Inline Hook fires during this process and sends a call to the external service with the end user's data.
1. The external service evaluates the Okta call to ensure that the end user is from domain `example.com`.
1. The external service responds to Okta with a command to allow or deny the registration based on the email domain.

The following is a high-level workflow for a Progressive Enrollment Inline Hook:

1. An existing registered end user attempts to sign in to their profile.
1. A Profile Enrollment policy presents a custom form that asks for additional data from the end user.
1. A Registration Inline Hook fires during this process and sends a call to the external service with the end user's data.
1. The external service responds to Okta with a command to allow or deny the addition of the new data to the end user's profile.

See [Inline Hooks](/docs/concepts/inline-hooks/) for Okta Inline Hook concepts.

> ## Parse SSR request code

Author: ```suggestion
## SSR request
```

                "_links": {
                    "groups": {
                        "href": "/api/v1/users/00u48gwcu01WxvNol0g7/groups"
                    },
                    "factors": {
                        "href": "/api/v1/users/00u48gwcu01WxvNol0g7/factors"
                    }
                },
                "profile": {
                    "firstName": "Rosario",
                    "lastName": "Jones",
                    "timeZone": "America/Los_Angeles",
                    "login": "rosario.jones@example.com",
                    "locale": "en_US"
                },
                "id": "00u48gwcu01WxvNo"
            }
        },
        "action": "ALLOW",
        "userProfileUpdate": {
            "employeeNumber": "1234"
        }
    }
}
```

## Send response

The external service responds to Okta indicating whether to accept the end user's self-registration or profile update. The response returns a `commands` object in the body of the HTTPS response. This object contains specific syntax that indicates whether the user is allowed or denied to self-register or to update their profile with Okta. 

> See the [response properties](/docs/reference/registration-hook/#objects-in-the-response-from-okta) of a Registration Inline Hook for full details.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [response properties](/docs/reference/registration-hook/#objects-in-response-you-send) of a Registration Inline Hook for full details.
```

1. The external service evaluates the Okta call to ensure that the end user is from domain `example.com`.
1. The external service responds to Okta with a command to allow or deny the registration based on the email domain.

The following is a high-level workflow for a Progressive Enrollment Inline Hook:

1. An existing registered end user attempts to sign in to their profile.
1. A Profile Enrollment policy presents a custom form that asks for additional data from the end user.
1. A Registration Inline Hook fires during this process and sends a call to the external service with the end user's data.
1. The external service responds to Okta with a command to allow or deny the addition of the new data to the end user's profile.

See [Inline Hooks](/docs/concepts/inline-hooks/) for Okta Inline Hook concepts.

## Parse SSR request code

This step includes the JSON that parses the body of the request received from Okta. These properties contain the credentials submitted by the end user who is trying to self register (SSR).

See the [request properties](/docs/reference/registration-hook/#objects-in-the-request-from-okta) of a Registration Inline Hook for full details.

> ```javascript

Author: ```suggestion
```json
```

### Set up and activate the Registration Inline Hook

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Workflow** > **Inline Hooks**.
1. Click **Add Inline Hook** and select **Registration** from the dropdown menu.
1. Add a name for the hook (in this example, use "Guide Registration Hook Code").
1. Add your external service URL (see [Set up your Glitch project](#set-up-your-glitch-project)), and append it with the endpoint. For example, use your Glitch project name with the endpoint (`registrationHook`):

   `https://your-glitch-projectname.glitch.me/registrationHook`

1. Include the authentication field and secret. In this example:

   * **Authentication Field** = `authorization`
   * **Authorization Secret** = `Basic YWRtaW46c3VwZXJzZWNyZXQ=`

1. Click **Save**.
1. In your Glitch project, click **Logs**. If your set up is successful, you see a message that says "Your app is listening on port {XXXX}".

The Registration Inline Hook is now set up with an active status.

> **Note:** You can also set up an Inline Hook using the API. See [Inline Hooks Management API](/docs/reference/api/inline-hooks/#create-inline-hook).

### Set up the employee number attribute

> In the Progressive Enrollment example, you ask end users to submit a valid employee number. `employeeNumber`, by default, is a read-only attribute. You need to change `employeeNumber` to `read-write`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Progressive Enrollment example, end users are requested to submit a valid employee number. The `employeeNumber` attribute is read-only by default. You need to change the `employeeNumber` attribute to read-write.
```
